DOC-278 vertx (#1623)
hazelcast/hz-docs: docs/modules/integrate/pages/get-started-with-vertx.adoc

This tutorial helps you integrate Vert.x with Hazelcast and use Hazelcast for distributed session management and other distributed data structures.

== Overview

In this tutorial, you will learn how to:

- Start with a simple Vert.x Hello World application.
- Add the vertx-hazelcast module and enable distributed session management.

> - Use `io.vertx.core.shareddata.Counter` data structure to implement a unique id generator.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Use the `io.vertx.core.shareddata.Counter` data structure to implement a unique ID generator.
```

We will fix that by using a Hazelcast Cluster Manager. There are two modules that provide Hazelcast Cluster Manager:

- `io.vertx:vertx-hazelcast` - this module is maintained by the Vert.x team, with contributions from Hazelcast, and is built on top of open-source Hazelcast.
- `com.hazelcast:vertx-hazelcast-enterprise` - this module is maintained by the Hazelcast team and is built on top of the `vertx-hazelcast` but uses Hazelcast Enterprise instead. You need an enterprise license to use Hazelcast Enterprise.

You can use either module for most of this tutorial, however, at the end you will need the `vertx-hazelcast-enterprise` module.

> NOTE: You can get a trial key at https://hazelcast.com/get-started/?utm_source=docs-website[hazelcast.com] or you can use `vertx-hazelcast` and a Community Edition of Hazelcast.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
NOTE: You can get a trial key at https://hazelcast.com/get-started/?utm_source=docs-website[hazelcast.com] or you can use `vertx-hazelcast` and a {open-source-product-name} of Hazelcast.
```

I think the name should use the externalised property.

}
----

> == CP Subsystem-backed Lock and Counter

Reviewer 2: My grammar isn't very good but I'm not sure there should be a hyphen if the thing is a multiple words?

E.g. the "Bank of England-backed scheme"?

Author: done
